# HelicopterHavoc
## Description
Side Scrolling 2D game. Player is stationary on x-axis but can move freely on the y-axis. The player is a helicopter flying through New York City that is being invaded by UFO's. The helicopter has to avoid skyscrapers, UFO's and missiles fired at it. The player can collect power ups along the way. There is a pause functionality which then allows you to save the game and start again at that point. There are also little kamikaze alien spaceships that try to smash into you.

## Power-ups:
- Extra Life (when you crash you start from the last checkpoint)
- Slow Down Time
- Faster Vertical Accelaration

## Notes:
- Skyscrapers are generated by selecting a random number of windows and generating based on them.
- UFOs can be floating in the middle of the screen or have a laser shooting down to create an obsactle from the top of the screen.
- Skyscrapers are the obstacles from the bottom of the screen

## External Libraries
- Swing
- 

## Internal Libraries
- Main (creates a new MainMenu object)
### Model
- Game
- (Interface) Strategy
  - (Abstract) Collision
    - GameObject
      - Player
      - UFO
      - Skyscraper
      - PowerUp
      -missle
### View 
- View (If paused draws MainMenu, otherwise GameView)
- MainMenu
- GameView
- (Interface) Drawing Class
  - UFO Draw
  - Skyscraper Draw
  - Player Draw
  - PowerUp Draw
### Controller
- Controller - Calls Player.accelarateUp() and accelarateDown() and Pauses when ESC is pressed (extends KeyListener)

# TO DOWNLOAD
1. Install Git on your computer
2. Go to your workspace folder in Command Line
3. % git clone https://github.com/BenKlapaukh/HelicopterHavoc.git
4. Open Eclipse
5. Right Click -> Import -> Projects from File or Archive -> Directory -> Find the HelicopterHavoc Folder in your workspace folder
6. All done :)
